---
layout: post
title: I Went Through a lot of RIGAmarole to Get Here
---

"There are a Latvia better puns to use, but that's the best I could come up with..." - Sam Brown.
If it wasn't already painfully obvious, I spent the weekend on a cruise to Riga, Latvia. It was
an interesting experience in many ways. I shared a tiny cabin with 3 of my friends from KTH. 
The first night we played games and went to the dance club on the boat. Interestingly enough, a big reason many
people go on these cruises is to get duty free alcohol, so I'm sure you can understand the 
culture on the boat. We had a ton of fun that night and woke up in Riga the next morning. 

Once we arrived in Riga, we spent a while finding a place to eat breakfast. We ended up at this 
awesome pancake restaurant. Pancakes in Europe means crepe-like thin pancakes with yummy things inside.
Sorry about this picture if you're currently hungry...

After eating some brunch we went out exploring. We saw the city skyline, some beautiful buildings, 
and also a lot of run down parts of town. While traveling around, I am really appreciating home. Home 
in this case means Stockholm, SLO, SF, and even Sacramento. Latvia is in Northern Europe, but it also 
really reminds me a lot of my image of Eastern European countries. It seemed kind of dark, 
run down, and industrial. 

Overall, it was a fun and interesting weekend. This week I'm looking forward to lots of computer
science chapter events and a casual weekend at home! My courses are going quite well. My Human Computer
Interaction team is named "Swedish Blondies," and we all get along very well. Here's a little pic of us. 
Have an amazing week!