---
layout: post
title: Första snön! ❄
---

We had our first day of snow on Thursday of this week! It was so exciting. Ever since we started 
getting less and less daylight up here, I always look out the window in the mornings. I want to 
soak in as much light as possible while the sun is up. When I saw snow out the window that morning, 
I practically freaked out. I spammed my Snapchat story with ridiculous pictures, and I probably woke 
some of my neighbors with my excited "yayyyyyy"s. 

It continued to be relatively cold throughout the rest of the week. Erik and I decided to bake 
Lucia Buns (lussebulle) on Saturday to kick off the holiday season. He took me to Täby, which is a
suburb of Stockholm, where his parents live. We used his father's awesome large kitchen to bake 54 
dense lussebulle! It was fun and cozy... I'm pretty sure Erik has demolished his half of the buns 
by now... he's obsessed with saffron :P

On Sunday, I went for a hike with some other students. We went hiking on the "almost island" (aka 
peninsula) named Gålö. We walked around 6k around the "island." We had THE BEST weather. We saw the sun 
for about an hour, the sky was clear, and it felt amazing! By the mid afternoon it got a lot colder, 
and we put our jackets back on... but it was all worth the hour of sunshine! See the awesome panos below!

The group had a lot of fun goofing around and celebrating Thomas' birthday! Happy birthday Thomas!
You're 21 again! ;) Overall, this week was really chill. This week I have my first lab of the semester 
to complete for Computer Security. I'm sure it'll be super fun! I'm looking forward to experiencing 
a Swedish winter and a Swedish holiday season. Wish me luck 🍀. 

P.S. For those of you have noticed... sometimes this page has a hard time loading all the high 
resolution photographs from my awesome excursions. I've changed the format a little bit in order to 
compensate for that. The last 2 blog posts will always be up, but every other one can be reached by clicking the 
"Blog Post" link underneath the title if you scroll down below! If you see any issues, please feel free 
to shoot me an email :) 