---
layout: post
---

This past week was the first week of classes at KTH. During this study period I am taking Human Computer Interaction, Swedish Society and Culture, and Swedish Language. Next study period I'll also add Computer Security. The system for adding, dropping, and trying out courses is so weird here. To me it seems quite disorganized, but somehow everyone gets the classes they need in the end. The other part of this education style that is different is that your final grade is almost solely based on your final exam grade. Many of the courses are taught in huge lecture halls. It is very different than Cal Poly Engineering. It will be a great experience to learn in a different way, but I'll let you all know in 4 months if it is a style I enjoy. One positive of this type of system is that during my first week I had practically no work and hardly any class. I was able to explore and relax. Yesterday I tagged along to a BBQ with my friends Ana, Enrique, and Fernando. We made s'mores for desert. Some of them had never had it before, so it was fun to play typical American for an afternoon. 

Today (Sunday 9/7) I went with a group of friends to Uppsala which is about an hour north of Stockholm by commuter train. We went to an old church, explored the town (it's the 4th largest city in Sweden), saw the oldest university in Scandinavia (Uppsala University), and went in a couple museums. It was such a beautiful day (70 degrees fahrenheit). The town was pretty small, and there were not that many people. Five people from the group are Cal Poly Engineers too. Even 5000+ miles away we still end up spending time together... must be something about the Mustang bond. 

With every adventure and road/train trip comes amazing conversations. We bonded over Mean Girls references and Halloween party planning. Maybe there will be a piñata, maybe pumpkins, but guarantee you there will be costumes. But of course, it wouldn't be a European trip without a Maddy Pease inspired selfie. I've given you all something to compare mine too... Mine does not exactly have the Eiffel Tower in the background, but you've gotta start slo right? (sorry I mean slow... I'm having withdrawals). 

Overall, this week was great. In addition to the activities this weekend and class throughout the week, we also had a pub crawl on campus where all the new students got to experience each of the chapters (equivalent to programs/majors/colleges in the US) and try a few drinks ;). Some of us picked up some patches as souvenirs which we will sport on our overalls later this month at the Nollegasque. That's something I'm really looking forward to. I hope everyone has an amazing week, I know I will :)