---
layout: post
---

Sorry it's been so long since I updated you all! I am going into my last month of school at KTH,
and I've been trying to live my life here to the fullest. Last week I traveled to Germany. 
I traveled with my friends Thomas and Patrick to Bremen first. It was a cute and small town just a train ride
 away from Berlin. The little old town streets and shops were so cool with tiny back alleys and 
 traditional chocolate shops. I wouldn't say it was the most beautiful place I've been, but we enjoyed some nice food 
 and drinks and had a quick 20 hours there. 

The first day of Berlin, we had the amazing opportunity to go to the top of the Reichstagskuppel
aka Parliament Building. The view was gorgeous and the audio tour taught me a lot about German political 
history. Later that day, we also went to East Side Gallery and saw the Berlin wall. After learning 
more about the history of this city during our walking tour on our trip, it makes me appreciate the city 
so much more. Berlin has been the stomping ground for many armys during multiple wars. It's gone through hell and 
back, and yet it still keeps going. The culture is so strong. Enjoy a few of these pictures below.

During our walking tour, we learned a lot about the different buildings around Berlin. We learned 
about which buildings were used by who in what wars, we learned about the huge churches, and we 
got to see what the original grey Berlin Wall actually looked like. See below. 

The last day was Monday, November 24... aka the opening day for Christmas Markets in Berlin!
The market we went to was one of the largest in the city. It wasn't very crowded, so we stuffed our faces 
with sausages, flatbread looking things (no I don't remember the name), and Glühwein. YUMMY! The lights
were beautiful as live music played all around us. Definitely one of my favorite parts of the trip.

I'm sorry I've been so distant recently. I'm currently exploring (AKA freezing my ass off) in Lapland.
I'm in Kiruna which is above the arctic circle, and I'm heading even further north to Abisko tomorrow.
Think warm thoughts for me. I'll update you all more with pictures and another post about this 
trip later next week. Enjoy your turkey. Happy Thanksgiving. Love you all!