---
layout: post
title: Kanelbulle, Dragons, and Rage Cage. OH MY!
---

Sorry for not posting in a while! Things haven't been too busy around here except for 
the school work... crazy I know. There have been some fun things in the past couple of weeks. 
First, Saturday October 4 was Kanelbulle day! Did you know that the cinnamon roll originated in 
Sweden? Roxy and I decided to bake some ourselves on that Saturday. It was so much fun, and they 
were delicious :P

That same night, we hosted an "International Drinking Games" Party. It was such a blast! Everyone
came ready to play and teach drinking games they love to play at home. We played Rage Cage (USA), 
Flunkyball (Germany?), Loopin Louis (Germany again?), Liar's Dice (Sweden/China), Beer Pong (USA), 
and some other card game I didn't catch the name of. There aren't that many pictures from 
the night except for a couple of me and Erik that I happened to take. Enjoy ;)

The CUTEST thing happened during our Swedish Blondies meeting last week. We found a little orange
stuffed dragon in our conference room in the library. It had a sign in Swedish saying that it
belongs to a 2nd grade class, and it wants us to take it on an adventure and leave it in another city.
For that day, we sent the class an email saying that Drakis the dragon helped us with our final design 
for HCI. My plan is to take him to London, Oslo, Copenhagen, Dublin, and Edinburgh with me 
in the next 2.5 weeks. Oh yeah, that's right. That's the amazing list of places I get to see 
starting in a week! I can't wait for my trip to London with Erik, the trip to Oslo with Thomas and Alex (and others),
and the trip to CPHGN, Dublin, and Edinburgh with Roxy and Tricia. Woop woop. #peasewitheuropeans
Anyway, back to business. Below is a picture of me and Drakis in KTH Biblioteket. He and I are 
becoming great friends. I hope Ms. Gustafson's class loves my emails :)

I don't have too much more to say except, everyone have an amazing week! I will keep you all posted 
with my travels during my breaks in between trips. It's going to be a whirlwind, and I just can't wait!
